[Laughing]
Oh!
[Children laughing]
Oh! Oh!
Oh?
Look everybody!
Oh wow, Sonic's here!
[Crowd chattering]
[Crowd yells happily]
Woah! Calm down, will ya?
[Grunt]
[Stampede]
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Good morning, Mr. Thorndyke.
Morning, Suzy.
Those documents I mentioned
are ready for you,
if you have the time.
Ah, just leave them
right here, please.
Yes, sir.
[Snaps]
[Heavy thudding]
Huh?
[Bewilderment]
Hey, what is all this stuff, Suzy?
Apparently, our home appliance
division has been absolutely
flooded with customer
complaint forms.
Are you kidding me?
This can't be!
Why, we've hardly ever
received any complaints
about our products before.
How could this have happened now?
I think you'd better watch this.
Sonic's popularity seems to be
affecting people throughout the city
in all sorts of amazing ways.
From groups of children playing
games of "Catch the Hedgehog,"
to adults sleeping on
rooftops like their hero,
Sonic's fame seems to be reaching
astonishing proportions.
In fact, a large number of citizens
are leaving their jobs in
order to follow their idol.
From Station Square Park,
I'm Scarlet Garcia, SSTV News.
[Laughing]
I knew Sonic was famous,
but that's ridiculous!
[Laughing]
Uh, but what does all this have
to do with those complaints, Suzy?
As you know, many of our employees
are wild about Sonic, too.
Mm-hmm.
Well, some of them
have left the company
and started Sonic fan clubs,
and most of the
assembly line workers
spend so much time
talking about Sonic
that their work has become shoddy.
And now our customers are
complaining like crazy!
[Screaming]
If this keeps up, we might
have to go out of business.
I'm not losing Thorndyke Industries
over some silly hedgehog!
[Telephone ring]
Thorndyke here.
What is it? What's
the matter, Ella?
I just thought you should know that
I kept Chris home from school today
because he has a
snuffle in his nose.
It's no big deal, Dad.
I'm totally fine.
I'm giving him plenty
of fresh orange juice,
and he'll have a
nice big bowl of my
homemade chicken soup for lunch.
If he gets some rest, I'm sure
he'll be better in a day or so.
But what if he gets worse?
I'm leaving the office right now.
Just tell Chris to sit tight!
Suzy, get my helicopter
ready immediately!
What's wrong, Mr. Thorndyke?
My son may be gravely ill.
I've got to get home right
away before it's too late!
Suzy, get Ed from home
appliances in here
and tell him I want these
complaints taken care of
by the end of the day!
[Motorcycle engine roaring]
Hey, what's that helicopter
doing up there?
[Cellphone rings]
Huh?
I hope this is important.
I'm in the middle of a scene.
I'm sorry, Lindsey, but
we've got an emergency.
Emergency!
[Grunting]
Hey, what about me?
DR. EGGMAN: Hurry, hurry!
DECOE: Yes, Doctor!
DR. EGGMAN: [Grumbles] Next!
[Grunting]
Hurry, hurry!
DECOE: Yes, Doctor!
[Grunting]
Hurry, hurry, hurry!
Yes, Doctor!
[Grunting]
Hurry!
[Panicking]
Please slow down, Doctor.
I cannot keep up!
Whoa! watch it!
Ooh, that tickles!
But I do not need to be fixed!
Scratch that!
Decoe!
Aren't you getting a bit
carried away, Doctor?
He is a robot, not a refrigerator!
You think this is all a joke, eh?
Well, do you see this?
Huh? huh?
You know who's to blame for
this heap of lemons here?
That perky little pest,
Sonic, that's who!
Because of him, every fatheaded
fool in every factory
is spending less time on the job
and more time lollygagging
and dillydallying.
That means I fritter away my genius
slaving away in a prison sweatshop
fixing all their blunders,
and I have that horrible, heinous
hedgehog to thank for it!
But if it is all Sonic's fault,
why do we have to
do the dirty work?
Dirty work is right!
I almost got flattened
by a falling fridge!
Don't you worry.
For I have developed an eggceptionally
eggcellent plan to get revenge!
I hate it when he does
that "egg" thing.
Me too.
Ha!
Now pay attention, and I'll show you
my greatest stroke of genius yet!
[Chuckling]
How's this?
Oh!
What is it?
It's the end of Sonic the Hedgehog.
[Evil laughter]
No tip? Lousy butler.
Chao chao chao chao!
Chao!
[Humming]
Well, how's our little
patient feeling, Ella?
Right now he's taking
a nice, long nap.
I'm sure the rest will
do him lots of good.
Wonderful.
Good news, Ella.
Your vacuum cleaner just came
back from the repair shop.
Ah, welcome home, my little amigo!
I hate to say it,
but Mr. Thorndyke's company doesn't make
the good products the way it used to.
They're always breaking.
Please forgive me, Ella.
I would've fixed it for you myself,
but lately I've been
spending all my spare time
trying to figure out
what's wrong with Emerl.
Oh, sure. I understand,
Mr. Thorndyke.
Is Emerl feeling sick, too?
Chao!
Yes.
When I examined him yesterday,
I found that all his program
data had been erased somehow.
AMY: Poor Emerl.
Maybe I can take care of Emerl
like Ella takes care of Chris!
Chao chao!
That's very thoughtful
of you, Cream.
[Sounds of a helicopter]
Huh?
Huh!
[Both laughing]
Why are... they here?
How ya feeling, buddy?
I heard you were sick,
so I rushed right ho-
- I'm here, baby!
[Kissing]
Don't you think
you're overreacting?
It's just a common cold.
Everyone gets them.
Yes, I know,
but when I heard, I just couldn't
keep my mind on my work.
Same here.
Nelson!
You're impossible!
Don't you see?
What kind of example are
you giving your son,
abandoning your workplace
just because of a
harmless little cold?
But, Dad, I just wanted-
Don't you "but Dad" me,
Mr. Big Shot Goof-Off!
How irresponsible can you get?
Now listen here, Dad!
If I wanna take a day off to visit
my son when he's got a disease,
it's nobody's business but mine!
If I were you, I couldn't
afford to take time off!
Not when every product you make
rolls off the assembly line
straight into the junk shop!
I'll have you know the real reason
behind those bad appliances
is your friend Sonic!
How dare you put
the blame on Sonic!
Can't you even take responsibility
for your own incompetence?
Everybody stop yelling!
Huh?
Darling!
Sorry about that, big guy.
Guess we got a little
carried away there.
Is this what you came
home for, to argue?
If you care about me, you have
a funny way of showing it!
Sorry.
[Squeaking]
Chris didn't mean what he said.
It's just a reaction
to the anti-bionics.
Ah, I just had the
most wonderful idea!
I'll make his favorite cherry pie!
One big bite of that, and he'll
be smiling from ear to ear!
How marvelous! A pie!
Let's all pitch in and
make it together, huh?
Hmph!
Chao!
All right, everybody,
let's get started.
Let's.
It looks like we've got
everything we need.
Everything except the cherries.
[Struggling]
It won't budge.
That's strange.
[Both straining]
[All gasp]
Watch out!
Woah
[All gasping]
I can't believe what I'm seeing!
[Beeping]
All right!
Now that's what I call mixin it up!
I just beat the beater.
Just leave these to me!
[Grunting]
Hm!
Nice work, Amy.
Freaky freezer!
[Grunt]
Hmph.
[Chris screams]
Huh?
[Panicking sounds]
Thanks, Sonic!
Chris!
Ah!
Huh?
How'd you learn to do that?
Do what, Chris?
Emerl spun around like you
do when you go real fast.
You're kiddin; me.
Huh.
Huh!
Hey, good job, you
guys. You got him!
Huh?
[Explosions]
[Electricity snapping]
[Groans]
Chris!
Are you all right, my darling?
Sure, Mom. The water stopped them.
Those sprinklers came
on just in time,
but I have a bad feeling
we haven't seen the
last of these monsters.
Eggman must be behind this!
If we don't act fast,
this city could be headed
for a catastrophe.
[Crowd pandemonium]
But now that we know water
can short-circuit them,
maybe we can stop them!
That's right!
[All gasp]
Oh, no! They've done it!
They've gone and shut
off the water supply!
That's my cue, kids. Gotta run!
Sonic!
I'm going, too.
What?
My company distributes every
drop of water in this city.
Customer service is what Thorndyke
Industries is all about!
I won't let my customers
down any longer.
I'm proud of you, Nelson.
Fire up the X Tornado
and take my son wherever
he wants to go.
Roger!
Mom, can I?
No, dear. I can't let
you go with them.
But Mom!
You're staying in bed.
Now let's get you out
of those wet pajamas.
Ella, how about some hot chocolate?
ELLA: Coming up!
Yippee!
I won, I won!
[Chuckling]
I can't imagine how I could
be crushing you, doctor!
If you keep winning, I
can imagine crushing you!
Look, Doctor.
It happened sooner than
you thought it would.
How lucky!
[Laughing]
Come on! This is the break
you've been waiting for!
[Sirens]
I don't get it. Why
didn't we escape sooner?
Quiet!
My genius is too great
for you to understand.
Just you wait, Sonic.
My appalling appliances
aren't through with you!
[Grunting]
[Crowd chaos]
Water stops 'em, so get your hands
on some H2O and let it flow!
We knew we could
count on you, Sonic!
Soak it to 'em, guys!
I got firefighters in every part of
this city in trucks and on the lookout.
We'll blast those bad boys
till they're good and soggy!
Thanks, captain!
Huh?
[Grunting]
Yo, Knuckles!
Well, it's about time.
I'm getting attacked by everything
but the kitchen sink!
Too bad using our fists
isn't gonna work for long.
Water's all that
really works on 'em.
The firefighters are on the way.
You and I will have to do our best
to fight 'em back in the meantime!
[Sinister laughter]
Well, Sonic.
I must commend you in
your valiant efforts
to annihilate my army
of attacking appliances,
but I'm afraid my menacing
machines are still on the march.
Hm.
[Electricity crackling]
Somebody must've cut
down the main supply.
We're losing water
pressure by the minute!
Get on the horn to the
water bureau right away!
Okay!
[Grunting]
[Beeping]
It looks okay!
Well, the water supply system
itself has been restored,
but I'm afraid something must
be jamming the main sluice gate,
and whatever it is, is
blocking the flow of water.
Is there any way you can fix it?
There's only one way, Amy, but
it's not going to be easy.
What's happening, son?
Well, I was able to restore
the main supply system,
but there seems to be something
in the way of the sluice gate,
so the water isn't getting out.
We've got to get that
gate open and fast.
I'll take care of it.
Mom, can't I please go, too?
Now, Chris...
Aw, please let me!
Honest! I already
feel a lot better.
Come on. I promise I'll be okay.
Well, if you really,
truly want to go,
I'll let you, but
under one condition.
I'm coming along with you, okay?
Sure, it's okay!
[Grunt]
[Chuckle]
When battling a washing machine,
one can't be wishy-washy!
My, these modern
household conveniences
certainly are inconvenient,
aren't they, Sonic?
[Sinister laughter]
Hey, Bocoe!
They sure do look
worn out, don't they?
You could say that again.
A part of me feels bad for them.
But I could always have that
part removed, I suppose.
Wow! just look at 'em!
They're really mangling
those machines!
Man, I'm runnin' out of steam!
I can't keep this up much longer.
[Grunting]
Listen up!
The main sluice gate's
been destroyed for good,
which means our only choice
is to open up this valve.
All right, now everybody
get into position.
[Teeth gritted in concentation]
[Struggling]
[Groaning]
Here comes Dad!
What are you doing here, son?
Shouldn't you be at home in bed?
I had to come and help.
It's my responsibility.
That's my boy.
We've got work to do, darling!
Right!
[Groaning]
[Grunting]
We did it, we did it!
Good job, dear!
Oh, darling!
[Giggling]
Yeah!
[Grunting]
[Electricity crackles]
Well, I guess that does it.
Yeah!
Impossible!
I could have sworn we cut
off the water supply!
Someone must have turned
it back on, Doctor!
Looks like your plan
is a washout, Doctor!
And just when we were this close
to stopping Sonic once and for all!
I thought he was a goner, but
he sure showed us, didn't he?
Well, what is the plan?
Yeah, Doctor, what do we do now?
On to the next strategy!
Aah! Aah!
Hey, wait for me, will you?
Come on, you guys! Wait up!
Well, what do we do now?
We've got a city full of defective
dishwashers and mashed-up microwaves.
If I stay on the job, cleanup
should be a piece of cake!
How about pie?
[Everyone laughing]